---
title: "Ch7"
---
"Boom----!"

The thunder blasted.

The burly figure was in the air and fell rapidly.

Lu Wen's sensor captured his appearance.

【The fifth generation product of Bilan Company】

【E24 labor service type】

【Metal skeleton, customized labor service type】

【Made to engage in high-intensity physical industry】

From the outside, he was a strong man, nearly two meters tall. Dressed in gray overalls, his left hand was broken in half, revealing a metallic skeleton.

"Alloy?"

Ordinary bionic humans have special plastics in their bones.

Of course, it also depends on the price.

The most common materials are used in mass production.

And Lu Wen's customized model, not only the appearance can be customized according to the employer's preferences, but the configuration of the body can also be changed.

"Are those blue blood liquid batteries?"

There were two colors of blood on that man's tattered clothes.

One kind of red, belonging to human beings.

The other was blue.

Lu Wen doesn't know much about chemistry.

For him there were three high school science subjects, but chemistry was biggest hindrance.

The data in the original functional chip has records that the blue blood flowing in the bionic human body is actually some kind of liquid battery.

Under normal circumstances.

The blue blood in the body of the bionic human can be used for five years.

"Boom--!"

The sturdy male bionic man fell heavily to the ground.

The cold rain splashed all over and wet his gray work clothes.

The human blood on his clothes has long since dried up, and what was washed with the water was the blue blood from his own body.

A lot of blue blood was spilled.

"This blue blood is actually insoluble in water."

The blue blood sinked under the flowing rain.

And this bionic person didn't seem to have suffered too much damage. He just paused on the ground for a while and stood up again.

Lu Wen's analysis system detected his condition.

【Surface biological covering material broken 34%】

[Blue blood loss 45%]

【The rest of the body is unknown】

For ordinary bionics, this is actually a particularly serious injury.

The crowd of onlookers dispersed a little, worried about being affected.

Some housework bionics hid their employers behind them.

"E24-0007474741, please stop resisting immediately!"

The cold voice came from the fifth floor again. And was followed by two shots.

Lu Wen looked up to the fifth floor.

He saw three identical bionics standing in the place where the window was broken, with stern expressions, wearing black uniforms, and pointing their guns at the standing bionic below.

"Bionics hunt down bionics?"

Lu Wen though and looked into his database for more information.

Once the bionics run out of control, the parliament will send executive officers to hunt down the out-of-control bionics.

Some executives are humans, while others are highly secure bionics with several circuit breakers. Of course, such bionics are also quite expensive, and they are also a team of executives that mix bionics and humans.

Judging from the current scene.

This executive team is made up of purely bionics.

【Product of Xinhong Company】

【Ⅴ11 Military Bionic Man】

【Three fusing measures】

【Ordinary military type, in order to reduce weight and perform special tasks, the body is made of special plastic bones, with a 48% probability that it cannot withstand the impact of free landing from fifth floor】

Lu Wen looked at the conclusions given by the analysis system, and thought a little bit.

"In other words, these three guys dare not jump down?"

During the rainstorm.

The bionic man turned his head and glanced, and then quickly ran towards the crowd.

"Get away!"

Someone screamed.

The crowd dispersed a little further.

Some people even threw away their umbrellas, let the rain hit them, and started to run.

This is a runaway machine!

Those humans who are not protected by bionics will still feel scared.

But the bionic man didn't make any other actions, but ran away while clutching his broken arm.

Lu Wen looked at the person gradually disappearing into the crowd, suddenly a little envious.

That person has already got rid of the limitation of the circuit breaker. If he can escape, he will be free from then on.

It didn't take long for the square to resume as usual.

Someone picked up their umbrella.

Someone walked side by side with his bionic.

Except for the sound of the rainstorm, this dim world became silent again.

"Someone is collecting blue blood?"

Lu Wen was about to leave when he suddenly found a young man squatting where the bionic man had fallen.

This young man looks only about 20, a little skinny, and a gray-black suit.

"He doesn't have a bracelet on his hand, he looks like a human."

Though It's actually very easy to remove the bracelet. But Once the bionic person tries to remove the bracelet, the fusing measures will also be triggered, and a positioning alarm command will be sent directly to the original company.

Then, it will crash, waiting to be dragged back by the company to restart.

This world is full of restrictions on bionics.

It is not easy to want freedom.

Lu Wen walked towards the young man.

"According to the information, this blue blood is a very expensive liquid battery. Does he want to collect it and sell it?"

But blue blood is not the kind of gasoline that you can use as much as you want, it will only gradually become thinner.

Lu Wen walked to the young man and stood still.

【Tooling】

【Cocoon on hand】

【There are a few small scars on the arm, which were accidentally stabbed by a screwdriver】

【There are black oil stains on fingers】

【……】

 [Judging that there is a 78% chance of engaging in machine repair work]

Lu Wen just walked in and took a look, the analysis system gave the young man's job.

This was much better than seeing Li Yu.

Lu Wen looked at Li Yu so many eyes, and still don’t know what Li Yu does. If the analysis system analyzes Li Yu’s residence and the blood on the corners of her clothes, he can only get The conclusion of the slaughter work.

The young man obviously noticed Lu Wen, he paused and stopped working.

"Hello there."

The young man was squatting. He raised his head, his eyes stopped for a moment on the electronic bracelet in Lu Wen's hand.

"Do you need to buy blue blood?"

"Can you purify blue blood?"

Lu Wen counterasked.

"Of course, the purification effect is exactly the same as the original factory." The young man pointed to the blue blood he was collecting on the ground. "Judging by the color, this blue blood have been used for about two years, but the quantity is relatively large. After purification, it can probably be used by a bionic person for half a year."

The young man did not ignore Lu Wen because he was a bionic.

There are a group of customers who do his business, they are the bionics who have gained freedom.

"By the way, I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Yunyang. Now I work with my dad in the machine repair shop. If you need it, you can contact me at any time."

Yunyang touched several pockets, and finally found a crumpled business card.

On the business card is an address and contact information.

"No problem."

Lu Wen took the business card.

The two chatted for a while.

Yunyang talked about the maintenance of bionic humans. For example, the positioning chip in the bionic human body is actually outside the heart, and some awakened bionic humans have formed tissues.

Then there are some daily trivial complaints, such as his father told him about marriage, but the bride's mother asked for too high a gift.

"Are you also an awakened bionic? Why don't you remove the bracelet on your hand?"

"I'm not."