---
title: "Ch 11"
---

The rain stopped, and the wind rolled.

A ray of morning light reflected from the distant horizon, and Lu Wen saw the world getting brighter for the first time.

He put down the shovel in his hand, and the hole was dug.

Looking back, the blood-stained figure was not by the window on the third floor.

"Seven days."

Lu Wen said silently, a little dull inexplicably.

The water in the backyard has receded, leaving a mess.

Lu Wen took a shovel, stepped on the wet grass, and walked back to the villa.

A gray progress bar appeared in his mind.

【1%】

This is the cracking progress.

He hass full of three-layer fuse mechanism, it seems that Li Yu didn't want to throw it away when he was used up, but restarting is estimated to be inevitable.

There are so many physical restraints that Lu Wen can't even make any effective resistance.

"Make breakfast first."

He changed into dry clothes.

Lu Wen opened the refrigerator and found some ingredients.

While making breakfast, he was thinking.

"Those novels I have read in my last life, what do the protagonists do when they are in trouble?"

Lu Wen thought for a while.

Looks like the protagonist has gold fingers?

"Is this a start or a dead end?"

Lu Wen asked himself that he could not break this game.

He can't expect Li Yu to be kind, or assume that he thinks too much with weak hope.

Must bring in someone who breaks the game!

The old cockroach couldn't help him last night, because old cockroach's identity is also considered special, there is no way to take him out, maybe the two of them would be intercepted when they have just walked halfway.

"Thud thud thud......"

Ok?

Someone knocks on the door of this horror house?

Lu Wen frowned, and quickly poured the two fried eggs from the pan into the prepared plate.

"Breakfast is ready, there are guests coming."

Lu Wen called upstairs.

"Okay, coming down right away, you go to open the door, it is my prospective brother-in-law, Sun Wei, remember to be polite."

Li Yu’s voice came from the floor.

Lu Wen put the plate with fried eggs on the coffee table in the living room, and walked to the door a few steps later.

He opened the door.

A bright light came in, this villa was really too dark.

At the door was a young man, handsome, dressed in casual clothes and wearing a black peaked cap.

On the street behind him, there was a black car, which appeared to be driving over.

The eyes of the two met.

"Who are you? Where is Xiao shuang? Isn't this the home of Xiao shuang and Xiaoyu?"

The young man frowned, and he opened his mouth for three consecutive times.

Lu Wen got a very important information, there is indeed another living person in this villa.

Xiaoyu, it's Li Yu.

Xiaoshuang? Li Shuang? Is it the other of the twins?

"Li Yu is upstairs, come first." Lu Wen raised the electronic bracelet on his left hand, and then opened the doors on both sides to let the light shine into the villa.

"It turned out to be a bionic." The young man breathed a sigh of relief.

He passed by Lu Wen.

Lu Wen looked at him a little, and was a little surprised.

This young man named Sun Wei is very close to him in terms of height and figure. From the back, there is almost no difference between the two.

"It's so dark in the villa, why don't you turn on the lights? Are you a housekeeping bionic? Can't turn on a light?"

Lu Wen smiled politely, without responding, Li Yu had already came downstairs.

"Oh, brother-in-law, sister Shuang is in poor health these days, and she needs more rest." Li Yu smiled and walked down the stairs, petite and lovely, "You see how dazzling the sun outside, in case it affects Sister Shuang's rest. What to do?"

Dazzling?

Lu Wen glanced outside the door, and came to this world for two days, and his eyes were full of low-pressure clouds and haze.

The sky after a torrential rain is a little cleaner, and the sun doesn’t look as weak as it used to be.

"Xiaoyu? Or Xiaoshuang? Don't make fun of me."

Sun Wei smiled and looked at Li Yu downstairs.

"You two sisters are so alike, I can't tell them apart."

Lu Wen is a little confused.

Li Yu curled his mouth and said angrily: "Sister Shuang is really sick, she told you on the phone, brother-in-law, are you not worried at all?"

"Huh?" Sun Wei hurriedly asked, "I thought she was just talking casually and wanted me to come... Where is Xiaoshuang now? Is she in the hospital? What's wrong?"

"Hmph, you two have been arguing for so long, and you don't know that you need to take the initiative to apologize. People come here only when they get sick, man!" Li Yu grunted, her face puffed up.

"My fault, my fault, Xiaoyu, don't be angry, please tell me where Xiaoshuang is."

"She's on the third floor, come with me."

Li Yu beckoned, turned around and walked quickly towards the third floor.

"Xiaoyu, slow down, it's the first time I'm here with you." Sun Wei hurriedly followed, and ran up the stairs from the living room.

"With just such a small place, can you still get lost?" Li Yu snorted, "Lu Wen, remember to close the door."

"Ok."

Lu Wen nodded, turned around and closed the door of the villa.

When he turned around again, Sun Wei had disappeared from his field of vision.

Only the dull footsteps echoed in the empty villa.

After a while, there was a sound of closing the door.

"Boom--!"

Very loud.

Even with the cushion, the sound still reached the first floor.

Immediately afterwards, there was a duller sound, but this time the sound was much lower.

Separated by two floors and a door, if it weren't for the well-developed sensors of Lu Wen's bionics, he might not be able to hear clearly.

"Boom!"

Something fell heavily on the floor.

Lu Wen silently mourned for this man named Sun Wei for three seconds in his heart.

After a while, the sound of opening the door came from the upper floor.

"Squeak..."

Then came the sound of brisk footsteps.

Li Yu was coming down.

There was still a familiar smile on her face, cute and charming.

She held a pair of shoes, a pair of trousers, a coat, a peaked cap, and sunglasses that she didn't know where to put.

"Lu Wen, put on this suit, hurry up, let's go out for an outing today."

Li Yu handed this set of equipment into Lu Wen's hands, and touched his hair on tiptoe, revealing two cute little tiger teeth, looking very happy.

"Ok."

Lu Wen also smiled.

Lu Wen took off his coat and began to wear it on himself one by one.

Finally he put on sunglasses and stood in front of the mirror.

He was almost exactly the same as the Sun Wei just now!

"Sure enough, is that so?"

Lu Wen suddenly figured out a lot of things.

"Go outside first and put the car back into the garage."

Li Yu looked at his image and nodded, seemingly satisfied.

"Then come with me to the third floor."