---
title: "Ch 9"
---

He left the address and bought the wallpaper.

Lu Wen got in the taxi for the return journey.

The rain dripped on the car window, making the gray world outside the car blurry.

The pedestrians and bionics under the black umbrellas were like puppets, moving one by one, moved by life and rules, numbly moving forward in the cold steel city.

"Technology makes life better."

A huge projection advertisement appeared in the sky.

The rain falling through the advertisement makes everything look so unreal.

Gurgling trickles across the car windows, twisting the street trees on both sides of the road, they were struggling silently.

"I got a lot of rewards this time, good luck."

Lu Wen sat in the car and thought.

He seemed to be favored by God, and that wallpaper shop also happens to be the contact point for the awakened bionics.

He almost figured out all the limitations of the bionic.

If all this was not a coincidence, then it can only be said that he is really lucky.

He can't let this luck down!

"Is that Yun Yang?"

He glanced out of the window inadvertently.

The figure with a backpack was walking slowly in the rain. Young people like this rainy weather and they don’t hold umbrellas.

Yunyang walked slowly under the rain, and those flying raindrops danced beside him.

The speed of the car was very fast, and Yun Yang's figure disappeared backwards with the gray world.

The taxi drove out of the surrounding high-rise buildings, through the smoky city edge, and drove all the way towards the outskirts of the city.

"SCREECH——!"

Accompanied by a less violent brake sound.

The taxi stopped steadily.

The weather in the suburbs was better, but it was overcast and there was no rain. The howling wind blows the grass on the lawn up and down like waves.

After paying the fare, Lu Wen walked to the three-story villa with the rolled up wallpaper.

Under the low pressure and dim sky, the little villa looked like a monster crawling on the ground.

Lu Wen took out the key, opened the door, and entered the monster's open mouth.

"Boom!"

As the door was closed, the whole villa plunged into darkness again.

After he left, Li Yu has closed the curtains again, seeming to particularly like the dark atmosphere.

House was silent.

"She's not watching TV in the living room?"

Li Yu was not seen on the first floor.

Of course, Lu Wen also knew that this Li Yu may not be the real Li Yu.

Before changing the wallpaper, Lu Wen moved the empty fish tank in the living room. The carp was dead. He poured out the muddy water in the fish tank. After cleaning it, he placed the fish tank in the corner of the kitchen.

"Lu Wen you are back?" Li Yu's pleasant voice came from the stairwell, and he couldn't tell whether it was on the second floor or the third floor.

"Hmm." Lu Wen held the wallpaper and walked towards the second floor step by step.

"Oh, why are you getting wet? You should have bought an umbrella. Don't do this next time." With concern and blame.

"Surely next time."

Lu Wen smiled.

Although he doesn't know if there will be another time.

After putting up the wallpaper, it was time to dig a hole.

According to the normal storyline development, after digging holes and burying people, it is time to kill people. He didn't know if Li Yu will kill him or just restart to clear the data.

After a few brief conversations, Li Yu returned to a room on the third floor.

Lu Wen opened the door of the second room on the left on the second floor.

"The blood stains have been left untreated for so long, and it is probably time to give off a peculiar smell."

The whole villa is closed, and the curtains will not open, let alone open the windows for ventilation.

Fortunately, he bought back two bottles of air freshener, jasmine scented.

The bionic have no sense of smell, so he can only spray according to the feeling.

Lu Wen scanned a circle and calculated the time required to paste the wallpaper.

[3 hours 21 minutes]

Those red traces are like ink pens left by the gods of death on the world, weird and gorgeous, and like children's unintentional graffiti, without logic.

Lu Wen remembered a horror movie he had seen in his life.

It was also a villa, the wallpaper covered most of the walls of the villa, tear off the wallpaper, and you can see the horrible pictures on the wall.

Unconsciously, three hours passed.

In the evening, Lu Wen finally finished the wallpaper.

He then came to the kitchen, took out simple ingredients from the refrigerator, made two dinners, and put them on the table.

"Supper is ready, remember to come down and get it."

"Ok."

Li Yu's voice came from the third floor.

Lu Wen didn't care too much, and sprayed every room on the first and second floors with air freshener.

As for the third floor, although he also wanted to see what was there, he still didn't want to risk the crash and restart.

After completing most of the matters, Lu Wen found a shovel in a corner of a remote bathroom and opened the small wooden door leading to the backyard.

"Hoo——Hoo——"

The wind has become bigger.

Sunset was not visible on the horizon, only the lower and lower pressure clouds, the sky was bleak.

The surrounding grass was swept by the strong wind.

"It looks like it is about to rain."

Lu Wen glanced at the sky.

"Keng!"

The sound of the collision of gold and iron came from the first shovel, and the shovel hit a stone.

Lu Wen picked up the small pebble on the enclave and swung a second shovel.

There was another noise, loud noise!

This time it came from the horizon.

"Boom!"

A thunder flashed by.

The rain cloud from the city finally floated over.

Lu Wen really wondered if someone was holding a concert nearby.

The last light on the horizon disappeared, and the entire world was shrouded in black clouds. From a distance, the ground on the horizon seemed to be connected to the clouds and mist, and there were occasional lightning flashes or thunder, like a huge silver snake walking in the clouds, breathtaking.

【Enable night vision mode】

The original functional chip suggested such a sentence.

Lu Wen found that this night vision mode was very interesting. It can show infrared vision, and can also improve his real night vision through technical adjustments. It can also directly use the two eyeballs as flashlights to emit light...

After thinking about it, he just improved his true vision at night.

"Just dig a hole, just see clearly."

Anyway, lightning flashes from time to time, were gift of nature.

It didn’t take long for the rain to pour.

In this dark thunderstorm night, Lu Wen lifted the shovel in his hand.

The sound of rain seemed to be his natural cover.

If it was a usual night, with silence surrounding everywhere, the noise of digging a pit might attract the nearby residents.

It was midnight.

Bionic people don't feel tired, Lu Wen digged with shovel one by one.

A shallow layer of water accumulated on the grass in the backyard, and the pit he dug was also full of water, so he could only continue digging based on his feelings.

"What?"

Lu Wen suddenly caught something moving under the standing water beside him, and the surface of the water waved with tiny ripples.

He was now digging a hole with a lot of action. When he was an ordinary person, he can't catch this movement.

Even if it is a bionic, it is very likely to be ignored.

"Cockroach?"

The thing underwater seemed to be a cockroach, and two tentacles touched his toes.

"Aquamarine E15 military model, awakening model, I am glad to meet you."

A bunch of data came directly into Lu Wen's mind.

Lu Wen was taken aback.

The organization of bionics? Why did you find me in the middle of the night?

"Don't be any strange, the woman upstairs is watching you!"

The another string of data emerged.

Lu Wen was startled.

It's already midnight, how could Li Yu not sleep?

"Boom——!"

Thunder exploded again.

Lu Wen looked up cautiously.

On the third floor, the girl covered in blood was standing by the window, smiling at him.

................................................................

Join our Discord: https://discord.gg/QCKSSAXFXm/