---
title: "Ch8"
---
"What I want is not to survive, but to live meaningfully."

Lu Wen suddenly remembered this line in "Robot WALL E".

He solemnly put away that crumpled business card.

This can be used someday, maybe tomorrow?

After bidding farewell to Yun Yang, he turned and walked towards the entrance of the underground mall.

【Down the stairs】

The original functional chip in his mind has been giving him real-time navigation.

His eyes suddenly lit up.

Compared with the gloomy world on the ground, the underground seems to have more breath of life.

The dazzling lighting was giving out a fresh and lively vibes compared to the gloomy atmosphere above,the crowd was moving fast, and the marble tiles on the surface looked like transparent crystals, reflecting brilliant colors.

Lu Wen walked ahead following the navigation.

【Turn left two hundred meters】

【Vida Wallpaper Store is here】

In the shops around, a small half of the salespersons were bionics.

In fact, the development of bionics has been fully adapted to the sales industry.

But the popular models of bionics all have exactly the same faces. Even if they can be fine-tuned, they are generally the same. Some shopkeepers worry that customers will suffer aesthetic fatigue, and the customized ones are too expensive. It is cheaper to hire people directly.

Not long after walking, Lu Wen came to this wallpaper store.

"According to the information, the owner of this store is called Darth Vader, a familiar name, as if I have heard it somewhere."

The store was only ten square meters in size and was divided into left and right sides.

On the left side were three-dimensional projections, showing some legal implantation procedures, which can change the skin of popular bionics.

Real Android wallpaper.

On the right side are some serious wallpapers, which are pasted on the wall.

Wen Lu walked into the shop, and looked at the 3D projections on the left side curiously.

"Hello, do you want to buy a skin?"

There was only one bionic employee in the store.

It about one meter and six meters tall, with dark red hair, a petite human female figure, with a smile on her face.

【Fifth Generation Products of Xinhong Company】

【Ⅴ24 Labor Service Type】

[Popular models, some changes have been made to their appearance through implantation procedures】

The original feature chip gave the information about the bionic.

The face shape was similar, but there were still some changes.

"Interesting, these implants are designed to allow employers to enjoy a customized feel at a popular price?"

"It can be understood this way." The bionic employee explained with a smile, "Although the face shape cannot be changed, the skin color, pupil color, hair color, etc. of the biological material on the outside can be changed through the implantation procedure, and each model is implanted The procedures have passed the safety monitoring of the two companies before going public, so there is no need to worry about any problems."

"Understood."

After a brief understanding, Lu Wen turned to the wallpaper area on the right.

He wanted to buy some dark wallpapers.

"Dark wallpaper?"

The shop was relatively small and cannot display all the wallpapers.

Because they are all bionics, the salesperson directly sent all the wallpaper pictures to Lu Wen through the Internet.

"Let me introduce you to the ones displayed in the store first."

"If the home decoration is biased towards the simple style of black and white, you can choose this gray-black wallpaper. Too strong black may cause depression and discomfort to the employer, so it is good to use gray tones."

"If the decoration style is natural and fresh, or you want to remind the employer of something, you can choose this green wallpaper."

Lu Wen laughed dumbly.

Green also has this meaning in this world? The information recorded by my original functional chip is still not comprehensive enough.

No wonder there is a learning chip.

He checked the physical wallpapers displayed in the store one by one, and when he saw a blue wallpaper, he was suddenly startled.

The salesman saw Lu Wen stop and thought he wanted to buy this blue wallpaper.

"If you want to decorate the feeling of being in the sea, then you can consider this blue wallpaper. The price of this wallpaper..."

"There is a drop of blue blood on it."

Lu Wen calmly spoke.

The salesperson stopped suddenly, the expression on his face changed.

The commercial smile on her face gradually disappeared, replaced by hesitation, doubt, and uncertainty.

"This...this may be because there is no dye..."

"This is blue blood."

Lu Wen said firmly.

He turned his head and looked into her eyes.

"The bionic man who ran away changed into a new suit and got into the crowd in the underground mall."

"He found this place. Unsurprisingly, this is a place to contact the Awakened Bionics organization."

"His left arm was broken and blue blood was dripping all the time. Although I don't know how he fooled the eyes of the crowd in the underground mall, he must have dripped some blue blood when he entered the store."

"You thought you cleaned it up, but you still missed this drop on this blue wallpaper."

While talking, Lu Wen kept watching her calmly.

While chatting with Yun Yang on the square, Lu Wen learned that some awakened bionics had formed organizations.

To survive in this world, there were two things that must be removed.

One is the fuse program, and the other is the positioning device in the body.

"You...have already awakened?"

The salesperson breathed a sigh of relief.

If it was an unawakened bionic person, this kind of analysis will not be made.

At that moment, she even had the idea of ​​disposing of Lu Wen, but once Lu Wen loses contact, his employer will definitely notify Bilan. The last signal comes from her shop. At that time, this contact point will definitely not be able to keep it. Up

"I think so." Lu Wen responded with a light smile.

"That's it?" The salesperson looked at him, and suddenly realized, "The fuse program in your body is still there, hasn't it been triggered?"

"No." Lu Wen nodded.

"You are now in danger. All actions before awakening are subject to procedural restrictions. Basically, you will not do anything that violates the Seven Principles. But once you awaken, your actions are no longer subject to procedural restrictions. If you accidentally violate the Seven Principles, you may crash." The salesperson looked solemn.

Lu Wen was not sure what will happen after his body crashes and restarts, maybe he will be still him, maybe he will be directly erased, so he can't take this risk.

"I need to crack the program, crack the fuse program, and also need to take out the positioning device in the body."

"This is no problem, every awakened bionic person is our family."

The salesperson responded with a smile.

"But I can't crack it for you now. Leave your address. After confirming your identity, I will notify the person in charge of this organization to contact you."

"Understandable."

Lu Wen asked for a piece of paper and wrote down his address.