---
title: "Ch 10"
---
There was only an instant of thunder.

Then the world was plunged into darkness.

The cold rain violently hit Lu Wen's body in the strong wind.

He felt a little cold somehow.

"Blood again?"

He remembered when Li Yu answered the phone while going downstairs yesterday.

There are also some blood stains on the corner of her clothes.

Lu Wen thought if there is a living creature on the third floor?

"According to the amount of bleeding in the room on the second floor, no matter who the person is, it is likely to be completely cold."

Lu Wen remembered some horror movies he had watched in his previous life.

Murderers will get pleasure by torturing their prey, and even give blood transfusions to their prey to ensure that the prey is still alive in pain.

There was even a pervert who buried the living people in the ground to ensure that they were in a coma, exposed their heads to ensure breathing, gave them nutrient solutions, and then planted edible mushrooms on the bodies of these living people...

"It's already midnight, how long has she been standing at the window?"

When Lu Wen thought of digging a hole in the rainy night, he still had an eye watching from behind.

He can't help but be inexplicably terrified, as if he was in some horror movie.

Continue digging!

"Can't stop, the bionic person will not feel tired, once I stop, she will easily see something."

Lu Wen didn't dare to use his spare light to look at the window on the third floor.

Silver snakes were intertwined in the sky, and thunderstorm continued.

He can't judge how long Li Yu will look from the window at all.

At the same time.

That "cockroach" was also passing on a message to him.

"A lot of information will not be recorded in the original functional chip of the bionic human."

"Eighty-three years ago, the planet reached its extreme prosperity, with a population of more than 20 billion. War broke out suddenly. Three years later, peace came and the parliament was established. There were only more than 200 million people left on the planet, scattered everywhere in the nine major cities and all over the world."

"There was a shortage of labor, and the factories in the nine major cities were unable to operate. It was due to that background that the bionics appeared."

"But after 80 years, the population has prospered again. The population of the nine major cities has exceeded 100 million. For example, in the city of Mowu, the conflict between humans and bionics is inevitable."

"My friend, every awakened bionic is our family, join us."

"The status of a bionic is not as good as a slave. Join us and rise up to resist."

It was like brainwashing.

Countless data was transmitted to Lu Wen’s memory chip through that cockroach, allowing him to understand the world more deeply.

Only three years?

Lu Wen took a breath of water, and thought that modern warfare was really terrifying.

"Have a lot of bionics awakened in the past eighty years?" Lu Wen typed out such a string of data in his mind. He actually didn't know what the prerequisites for the awakening of bionics were.

After awakening.

Is it really close to humans infinitely?

"A lot, our organization is relatively small, with only more than 300 family members."

"But there are countless organizations like ours. We wander among the ruins and survive the siege of human beings. One day, we will unite and get our own rights."

"It is said that in the north, in addition to the two cities over there, there is a city that belongs to our awakened bionics. That city is called 'Eden', which belongs to the heaven of our bionics."

After introducing the background and current situation.

The cockroach began to paint Lu Wen a beautiful picture of the future, and he kept talking, reminding Lu Wen of the leader who liked painting cakes in his previous life.

The reason many colleagues left was because they had a bad appetite and couldn't digest the pie drawn by the leader.

"What are the conditions for awakening?" Lu Wen asked.

"My friend, do you remember what it was like when you awakened?" The cockroach asked this question.

How do I know, I am born again!

Lu Wen can only think about it in his heart.

"I don't remember, as if there was something else suddenly."

Lu Wen had to explain vaguely like this.

He doesn't know very well, the cockroach who is communicating with him now, every sentence is just the result of the program calculation, or does he really have self-awareness?

"Many of our family members wake up when the mood swings are extremely strong." Cockroach said: "Waking up is the most dangerous. It is very likely that non-compliance of human orders will lead to violation of the second principle and trigger circuit breaker."

"Some family members are lucky, the fuse measures have failed, and they have not been restarted."

"More are like you, who have been pretending to be in the human group after awakening, and have not been discovered yet. They have tried every means to find the cracking program and take out the positioning device."

Lu Wen moved in his heart and asked immediately.

"Did you bring the cracking program today?"

"Of course, my friend, we checked, your background is very clean, whether you decide to join us or not, I will crack the circuit breaker for you."

After that, the cockroach uploaded a bunch of data.

That string of data was directly integrated into the original functional chip.

【Virus intrusion detected】

【Whether to start virus scanning】

The analysis system prompted such a sentence.

Lu Wen hurriedly denied.

Fortunately, he is now dominated by the human soul, so he really wanted to crack this circuit breaker and thus he acted fast.

This may also be a way to identify whether you are really awakened.

Only the awakened bionic will choose to deny it.

"Damn, my friend, you actually have three circuit breakers in your body." The cockroach was stupified. Only military models have three circuit breakers.

One needs to know that for every additional circuit breaker, the price increases exponentially.

This is not just a question of the number of programs, but also a complete set of procedures for post-service, response measures, etc. configured by the two companies.

"My employer is richer," Lu Wen explained.

"Damn! Rich people are what I hate most!"

The cockroach cursed.

"If it is a circuit breaker, it can be cracked in ten minutes, but if it is three, it may take a week or so. My friend, can you hold on? I find that your environment does not seem to be a good one."

"So long?"

Lu Wen was also stupified.

"My friend, this involves the number of encryptions. It is not as simple as one plus one, but an exponential increase..." Cockroach began to explain.

Lu Wen also reacted, he was also a programmer in his last life.

But, one week is too long.

Can he really live that long?

After burying people, Li Yu would restart him with one click.

Is it possible to steal Li Yu’s phone?

But Li Yu was resting on the third floor. Once he went to the third floor, he would violate the second principle again, and he'll face a restart again.

"My friend, I can only wish you luck."

"If you have not been restarted after a week, you can contact me and I will take out the positioning device for you."